profile/README.md, before:

## Hi there 👋

We are Outsoar 🚀, an agency based in San Carlos City, Philippines 🥭🇵🇭.

Building **Better**, *Faster*, and <ins>Together</ins>.

### 🎯 Mission

We equip businesses with worthy, tangible digital solutions—apps, websites, and AI integrations—built to align with, support, and sustain their growth.

### 👁️ Vision

To become the go-to development partner in the Philippines and offshore—building digital solutions that outsoar, today and beyond.

## [Services](./SERVICES.md)

We offer a variety of services intersected by our expertise in Taylor-made Development, WordPress Development, and AI Integration to align with your business goals and growth.

### 🎨 Custom Development

Taylor-made digital solutions built to your specifications, needs, and growth plans.
- 💻 Web App Development
- 📱 Mobile App Development
- 🤖 AI Integration

### 🌍 WordPress Development

- 🌐 Website Development
- 🛒 E-commerce Development
- 🛠️ Website Support & Maintenance

**Annual Themes:**

- 2023: Momentum 
- 2024: Presence
- 2025: Elevate
- 2026: Assemble

**Learn more about us:**

🌐 [Website](https://outsoar.ph)<br/>
💼 [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/outsoarph/)<br/>
📘 [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/outsoarph)<br/>
✅ [Upwork](https://www.upwork.com/agencies/1017281927642386432)<br/>

Commit message:

Add mermaid diagram to README.md for visual representation of service delivery process

profile/README.md, after:

## Hi there 👋

We are Outsoar 🚀, an agency based in San Carlos City, Philippines 🥭🇵🇭.

Building **Better**, *Faster*, and <ins>Together</ins>.

```mermaid
flowchart TD
    A[Better Solutions] --> B[Faster Delivery]
    B --> C[Together with You]
```

### 🎯 Mission

We equip businesses with worthy, tangible digital solutions—apps, websites, and AI integrations—built to align with, support, and sustain their growth.

### 👁️ Vision

To become the go-to development partner in the Philippines and offshore—building digital solutions that outsoar, today and beyond.

## [Services](./SERVICES.md)

We offer a variety of services intersected by our expertise in Taylor-made Development, WordPress Development, and AI Integration to align with your business goals and growth.

### 🎨 Custom Development

Taylor-made digital solutions built to your specifications, needs, and growth plans.
- 💻 Web App Development
- 📱 Mobile App Development
- 🤖 AI Integration

### 🌍 WordPress Development

- 🌐 Website Development
- 🛒 E-commerce Development
- 🛠️ Website Support & Maintenance

**Annual Themes:**

- 2023: Momentum 
- 2024: Presence
- 2025: Elevate
- 2026: Assemble

**Learn more about us:**

🌐 [Website](https://outsoar.ph)<br/>
💼 [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/outsoarph/)<br/>
📘 [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/outsoarph)<br/>
✅ [Upwork](https://www.upwork.com/agencies/1017281927642386432)<br/>
