profile/SERVICES.md, before:

## Services

```mermaid
---
config:
  layout: tidy-tree
  themeVariables:
    fontFamily: 'Poppins, sans-serif'
---
mindmap
  root((Services))
    Custom_Development{{Custom Development}}
      Web_App_Development(Web App Development)
        SaaS Development
        Enterprise Web Applications
        Web Integrations & APIs
      Mobile_App_Development(Mobile App Development)
        Cross-Platform Apps
        Native Apps
        Progressive Web Apps
      AI_Integration(AI Integration)
        Chatbots & Virtual_Assistants
        Predictive Analytics
        Natural Language Processing
    WordPress_Development{{WordPress Development}}
      Website Development
      E-commerce Development
      Website Support & Maintenance
```

We offer a variety of services intersected by our expertise in Taylor-made Development, WordPress Development, and AI Integration to align with your business goals and growth.

### 🎨 Custom Development

Taylor-made digital solutions built to your specifications, needs, and growth plans.
- 💻 Web App Development
- 📱 Mobile App Development
- 🤖 AI Integration

#### 1. 💻 Web App Development

From concept to launch, we craft scalable, secure, and user-friendly web applications tailored to your business goals and growth.

- **SaaS Development:** Build cloud-first platforms that deliver powerful software solutions to your customers—anytime, anywhere.
- **Enterprise Web Applications:** Streamline and optimize your business processes with robust, custom-built web solutions designed for large organizations.
- **Web Integrations & APIs:** Seamlessly connect your web applications with third-party services and platforms to unlock new features and efficiencies.

#### 2. 📱 Mobile App Development

We design and develop intuitive mobile applications for iOS and Android that engage users and drive business growth.

-- **Cross-Platform Apps:** Reach a wider audience with apps that work seamlessly across multiple devices and operating systems.
-- **Native Apps:** Deliver high-performance, feature-rich experiences with apps built specifically for iOS or Android.
-- **Progressive Web Apps (PWAs):** Combine the best of web and mobile apps to provide fast, reliable, and engaging user experiences.

### 3. 🤖 AI Integration

Leverage the power of artificial intelligence to enhance your applications, automate processes, and gain valuable insights.

- **Chatbots & Virtual Assistants:** Improve customer service and engagement with AI-powered conversational agents.
- **Predictive Analytics:** Make data-driven decisions with AI models that analyze trends and forecast outcomes.
- **Natural Language Processing (NLP):** Enhance user interactions with applications that understand and respond to human language. 

### 🌍 WordPress Development

- 🌐 Website Development
- 🛒 E-commerce Development
- 🛠️ Website Support & Maintenance

Commit message:

Refactor SERVICES.md mindmap for enhanced organization and detail in WordPress Development services

profile/SERVICES.md, after:

## Services

```mermaid
---
config:
  layout: tidy-tree
  themeVariables:
    fontFamily: 'Poppins, sans-serif'
---
mindmap
  root((Services))
    Custom_Development{{Custom Development}}
      Web_App_Development(Web App Development)
        SaaS Development
        Enterprise Web Applications
        Web Integrations & APIs
      Mobile_App_Development(Mobile App Development)
        Cross-Platform Apps
        Native Apps
        Progressive Web Apps
      AI_Integration(AI Integration)
        Chatbots & Virtual_Assistants
        Predictive Analytics
        Natural Language Processing
    WordPress_Development{{WordPress Development}}
      Website_Development(Website Development)
        Theme Customization
        Theme and Plugin Development
        Website Optimization
        Wordpress Integration
      E-commerce_Development(E-commerce Development)
        Online Store Setup
        Payment Gateway Integration
      Website_Support_&_Maintenance(Website Support & Maintenance)
        Content Management
        Daily Operations Support
```

We offer a variety of services intersected by our expertise in Taylor-made Development, WordPress Development, and AI Integration to align with your business goals and growth.

### 🎨 Custom Development

Taylor-made digital solutions built to your specifications, needs, and growth plans.
- 💻 Web App Development
- 📱 Mobile App Development
- 🤖 AI Integration

#### 1. 💻 Web App Development

From concept to launch, we craft scalable, secure, and user-friendly web applications tailored to your business goals and growth.

- **SaaS Development:** Build cloud-first platforms that deliver powerful software solutions to your customers—anytime, anywhere.
- **Enterprise Web Applications:** Streamline and optimize your business processes with robust, custom-built web solutions designed for large organizations.
- **Web Integrations & APIs:** Seamlessly connect your web applications with third-party services and platforms to unlock new features and efficiencies.

#### 2. 📱 Mobile App Development

We design and develop intuitive mobile applications for iOS and Android that engage users and drive business growth.

-- **Cross-Platform Apps:** Reach a wider audience with apps that work seamlessly across multiple devices and operating systems.
-- **Native Apps:** Deliver high-performance, feature-rich experiences with apps built specifically for iOS or Android.
-- **Progressive Web Apps (PWAs):** Combine the best of web and mobile apps to provide fast, reliable, and engaging user experiences.

### 3. 🤖 AI Integration

Leverage the power of artificial intelligence to enhance your applications, automate processes, and gain valuable insights.

- **Chatbots & Virtual Assistants:** Improve customer service and engagement with AI-powered conversational agents.
- **Predictive Analytics:** Make data-driven decisions with AI models that analyze trends and forecast outcomes.
- **Natural Language Processing (NLP):** Enhance user interactions with applications that understand and respond to human language. 

### 🌍 WordPress Development

#### 1. 🌐 Website Development

We create stunning, responsive, and SEO-friendly WordPress websites that effectively represent your brand and engage your audience. 

-- **Theme Customization:** Choose from a wide range of themes and customize them to reflect your brand identity and meet your specific needs.
-- **Them and Plugin Development:** Developing from scratch themes and plugins tailored to your unique requirements and styles
-- **Website Optimization:** Improve site speed, performance, and search engine rankings to attract and retain visitors.
-- **Wordpress Integration:** Seamlessly connect your WordPress site with third-party services and tools to enhance functionality and streamline operations.

#### 2. 🛒 E-commerce Development
-- **Online Store Setup:** Launch your online store with WooCommerce, complete with product listings, payment gateways, and shipping options.
-- **Payment Gateway Integration:** Securely integrate various payment options to provide a seamless checkout experience for your customers.

#### 3. 🛠️ Website Support & Maintenance

-- **Content Management**. We assist with content updates, additions, and optimizations to keep your site fresh and relevant.
-- **Daily Operations Support:** Ensure your website runs smoothly with regular updates, backups, and security checks.
